you've seen the movies whether we're
beaming up Scotty
or using a portkey modern fiction is
full of teleportation but that's all it
is fiction right
well maybe not it turns out that human
history is full of examples of real-life
teleportation and scientists have even
achieved quantum teleportation in the
laboratory but is human teleportation
even possible and if so how often does
it happen prepare to be surprised in
this video we'll take a look at five
strange and mysterious real-life cases
of teleportation every story you're
about to hear has been well documented
and has baffled scientists and mystery
lovers alike brace yourself because the
teleportation cases in this video will
stick in your head and drive you crazy
are you ready
good let's go Gil Perez Mexico City
October 25th 1593 we know about this one
from the country's official records and
while you might not trust 400 year old
paperwork I think you'll find the case
compelling on that seemingly innocent
October morning a group of soldiers were
standing guard outside the palace but
there was something strange about one of
the guards he was wearing a foreign
uniform and wielding a different type of
musket to the rest of the soldiers he
looked confused
so authorities took him in to ask him a
few questions questions like who are you
and what are you doing here
the man replied to say my name is Gil
Perez I was ordered this morning to
mount guard at the doors of the
governor's palace in Manila I know very
well this is not the governor's palace
and evidently I am NOT in Manila why or
how that may be I do not know
but here I am and this is a palace of
some kind so I am doing my duty as
nearly as possible Manila and Mexico
City are nearly 9,000 miles apart
on opposite sides of the Pacific Ocean
Perez and the authorities couldn't
understand what he was doing there
the man was later jailed for two months
until the ship from Manila docked in the
city
the soldiers on board the ship knew
Perez and were able to confirm that he
was in Manila the day before his
ill-fated visit to Mexico City but in a
time before powered flight
how did Perez travel so far so quickly
and why did he have no memory of the
journey perhaps it will have to remain a
mystery dr. Geraldo Vidal this
well-known account of teleportation
comes to us courtesy of doctor Geraldo
Vidal and his wife
Bravo David Alma in 1968 the husband and
wife duo were driving their Pujo 403
along a remote Road near boyos Aires
Argentina when they were suddenly
surrounded by a thick fog everything
went black and the Vidal's were rendered
unconscious meanwhile concerned friends
and family members called the police and
launched a search but it turned up no
trace of the husband and wife luckily
this story has a happy ending a full 48
hours later
Geraldo Vidal called his family to let
them know that he was safe but that he
and his wife were in Mexico City around
4,000 miles away they had no idea how
they got there
it later transpired that Vidal and his
wife regained consciousness while parked
along a road that they've never seen
before
they both had sore necks and felt like
they'd spent a long time asleep the car
had been badly burned somehow but it
started up okay and the couple drove
around until they found someone who
could tell them where they were no
explanation has been found for what
happened to the Vidal's on that
mysterious day in the 1960s Luci J we're
back in the 60s again but this time were
headed to the 1800s to meet a 13-year
old girl who's known only as Lucy J by
1865 Lucy had demonstrated a whole heap
of unusual powers once when falling ill
she used her skills as a medium to
contact spirits in search of a cure she
followed out the instructions that were
provided through automatic writing and
the cure was successful and nursed her
back to health
Lucy was also able to generate beautiful
flowers and stunning smells from out of
nowhere and she was said to have the
ability to make objects appear and
disappear will but it wasn't just
objects in Lucy could teleport according
to testimonies from the time she was
also able to blink in and out of
existence often returning with strange
objects from faraway places one
researcher who studied her John s Ladd
described Lucy's teleportation in detail
saying her reappearance was
instantaneous
in the twinkling of an eye she stood
before you fresh and blooming and
without any indications of exhaustion
although her absence may have been from
the morning into the evening
no scientific explanation for Lucy's
mysterious abilities has ever been
provided David Lange a strange case of
David Lange could easily be filed as a
mysterious disappearance if not for a
few subtle factors that make this case
unique back in 1880 the farmer was out
in the fields when he suddenly
disappeared into thin air in plain view
of five witnesses his wife Emma his two
children George and Sara and two of
their household servants were all
looking in Lang's direction when he
vanished mid-step perhaps the
understandably Lang's wife screamed at
his sudden disappearance and the five
witnesses rushed over to look for him
but even when they widen the search and
called for reinforcements stamping the
ground to find any holes that Lange
might have fallen into they were unable
to find any trace of him but the mystery
doesn't end there
months after his disappearance Lang's
children noticed something strange in
the grass where their father had been
standing it had turned a mysterious
yellow color and formed a perfect circle
that was 15 feet in diameter stranger
still when Sara called her father's name
both of the children heard a response
the voice of David Lang faintly calling
for help over and over until his voice
died away and disappeared so exactly
what happened perhaps we'll never know
and it will always remain a mystery
the mysterious man from to read the year
was 1954 and on a normal day a normal
man boarded a normal flight but when he
arrived at Tokyo International Airport
the normality was replaced by something
a little bit more mysterious when the
man whose name is unknown and so we'll
call him mister II handed over his
passport authorities noticed something
suspicious the passport looked authentic
enough but it listed his country of
origin as a mysterious place called
tourette unfortunately for mr. II no
such place existed when they asked him
to show them on a map he pointed to the
principality of andorra but the man
insisted that he'd never heard of
Andorra and that his home nation was
over a thousand years old
weirder still he told them that he was
flying to Japan for business explaining
that he'd been doing so for the last
five years as proof he showed them his
passport which was covered in customs
and visa stands from his travels he also
carried legal currency from various
countries and even a driver's license
that was issued by the torrid government
the mystery was never solved after a
prolonged interrogation
the man from torrid was sent to a nearby
hotel where he was guarded by two
immigration officers the following
morning after spending the night outside
the door the officers went into the
hotel room and discovered the mystery
had vanished without a trace
could he have teleported back to some
parallel dimension one thing's for sure
it wouldn't have been easy for him to
escape the hotel the only exit was a
15th storey window that overlooked a
busy street and no one had seen any sign
of an escape attempt there are also no
clues as to where the man is now perhaps
he made it back to his native tourette
wherever that is what do you think about
these mysteries and if you could
teleport anywhere where would you choose
to go let us know with a comment and be
sure to subscribe for more mysteries
because you won't want to miss what's
coming next